# How to use
The app will open on the home page, where the book items will be displayed along with their accompanying buttons.
A user that is not logged in will not be able to purchase or add any books to cart, the only functionality they will have will be to click
on the book image which will take them to a more detailed display of that book. They will also only see two items in the nav bar at the top,
'Home' and 'signup & login'. Once a user signs up and log's in, they will be able to buy items as well as add items to their cart. A normal user
will see 'Home', 'Profile' & 'Cart' in their navbar. An admin user (to register as admin yourpassword must end in '_adminspass') will see 'Home',
'Profile' and 'Users'. In the cart a user will be able to see the items they added on the home page, in the profile the user will be able to see their email and password, and in users an admin will be able to see all the users who have signed up, as well as be able to delete any one of them.

## Install and run on local 
To install you must navigate to the projects root directory and run 'npm install' which will install all of the back-end dependencies, then in this
directory you will see a folder named frontend which you must navigate to, and also run 'npm install' to install the back-end dependencies. Once both dependencies are installed, you can run 'npm start' on both terminals so that the front end and back end start. The app will then 
display once they are both up and running.

## Security & Testing
The app has been made secure via the use of jwt, which generates each user their own specific one and hides their info in a seemingly random 
mash of words. The secret key used to create these tokens has also been hidden in an .env file, so that the key is not hardcoded into the code
and thus not succeptible to anyone who may seek to use it for ill intentions. The mongo uri password has also been secured in this way. I have conducted snapshot tests for both the front-end and back-end to ensure everything is rendering as it should. 


# Software Requirements Documentation

## System Architecture

This app will use a MERN webstack, which stands for mongodb (database which will store app information), express (will run handle all of the back-end functions of the app), react (a framewrok with access to many libraries to be used in the creation of the frontend) and node.js (an event-driven Javascript runtime). With MERN stack we will be able to code our entire app in Javascript, and being able to use one language makes it easier to understand and organise. By using mongo we are able to store large amounts of data in a semi-structured format, which will help with app efficiency as well as having large amounts of users. Future updates and maintanence are also key points of benefit to the MERN stack, its modular documentation allows for different parts to be upgraded without worrying about throwing the entire system out of whack. The app will be deployed on a cloud platform, either Amazon Web Service or Google Cloud Platform, they offer some of the best free hosting services and will be suitable to what the app needs. The front-end will be created using CRA as opposed to Next.js, this choice has been made because I believe CRA offers more dynamicism in what it can do and how it does it, if the app was purely front-end, I believe Next.js may be more suitable, however with regards to a Full Stack app, I think CRA is the best option. In combination with CRA I will be using the Bootstrap CSS frame work to style my app. This framework will provide me with access to enough style elements that should get my app to where it needs to be on it's face.


## System Requirements Specification

The app will allow users to see books that are on display, and if you are an authenticated user, you will be able to perform various actions within the app, such as buying books as well as viewing details about them, and admin users will have even more functionalities so that they can customise the app and run it how they see fit. The app will be aimed at book enthusiasts/collectors and we want it to provide a hassle free experience for the users to be able to find what something they like and purchase the book of their choice, as well as for the admin users to be able to regularly update the app with the latest info for customers. The app will be competing with other online book websites, such as Exclusive Books for example, and we will strive to set the app apart by all means available, such as having a more attractive design, as well as having it be cheaper in cost due to the fact that the books this app will be designed to display, are special editions or versions of books, which are more desirable than their normal editions or versions easily found elsewhere, but also will slim down the user base, meaning operating costs won't reach as much as a wholesale book website app might. This doesn't mean that the app will cater only to collectors, as regualr readers may also seek special iterations of their favourite novel, but we know that we don't have to account for the kind of usage that a bookstore with a larger variety of books might offer. 

### functional requirements
The functional requirements are as stated. We aim to cater to normal users, as well as admin users who oversee the content of the App. For normal users the app should be able to take personal details and use those to create a user account, and with those details the user should be able to login to their account, which should hold their own data which they should be able to view, such as items they have placed in their shopping baskets. The app should also allow these users to contact those in management of the app with any queries they may have. Users should also be able to view the books on display and filter them by the genre of their choosing. Users information will be protected and will only be accessible by them, or an admin user. End users can also expect to be able to remove items from their basket if they no longer want them there. Admin users will be able to login in using an email and password, and will have access to features not available to normal users. Such as being able to change the books which they want to display, by deleting or adding books. They will also be able to edit the info of existing books, such as being able to change a price or title. Admin users should also be able to access normal user information should they need to. Unlike normal users they will be able to see the books unique ID, which is what will be used to determine which books an admin user wants to edit or delete. 

### non-functional requirements
The non-functional capabilities are as stated. The app focuses on providing the most intuitive usability experience possible, our aim is not to re-invent the wheel but to keep conventional web design elements where they are commonly located, so that the users, both normal and admin, do not have to expend great amounts of time figuring out how to operate the application. Reliability will be a focus as well as the key to attracting and retaining users is to make sure that the app makes assurances for issues that may occur. Clear communication from the app to the user should be displayed incase something goeswrong, such as one sides internet dropping while trying to make a purchase or trying to view more details about a book, the user should recieve a clear response as to what it is that caused the issue and how the user can proceed. Making sure that the users data is kept backed up is also important, as we don't want issues where a users data might get lost or corrupted. The app should also offer good performance, such as relatively quick response times to user actions, as well has quickly being able to retrive user or admin data which they have access to. The app will secure all of the users info, and they will only be allowed to enter their accounts once their unique emails and IDs are entered. Users passwords will be encrypted to protect from any third party individuals who seek their account data, all regulations will be followed in regards to protecting all users data. The app will be deployed on a cloud platform, that being either Amazon Web Service or Google Cloud Platform, and the apps will be able to be accessed by admin users to make changes or edits at any time, and code errors will be able to corrected if a user reports an issue in functioning. The code will also be documented in a clear fashion so as to allow error fixes and future updates to be easily implemented. The app will be able to run on medium and large sized devices and won't need large amounts of storage on these devices to run. 

### User stories
Some user stories may look like this:
1) As an admin user, I expect to be able to have access to admin functions which only admin users should be able to access, and not normal users.

2)As a user I expect to be able to clearly be able to see the collection of books which the business has on sale and also view all necessary details about the book which I may be interested in

3)Both normal and admin users will should be able to know that their data is protected and only accessible by them or admin users, and will not be shared with third parties.

4)Normal users should also have the option of requesting to be notified if a book they are looking for is not in stock
